---
layout: post
title:  What is Tauke ?
date:   2022-06-18 11:05:55 +0300
image:  /assets/images/blog/post-1.png
author: Tauke
tags:   Taukes
---


**Tauke is company that support better middlemen ecosystem in Indonesia by app**
**Tauke adalah perusahaan yang mendukung terciptanya ekosistem perantara (tengkulak) yang lebih baik di Indonesia melalui Aplikasi**

In Indonesia, Mostly Farmers sell at low prices for their crops because of the Bad Middleman Ecosystem
In Indonesia, farmers do sell their produce to middleman, agents and distributors because they (farmers) dont have proper knowledge about market and time to sell their product.There are three users of our service (app), it is Farmer, Middleman, and Reseller. Our current service users have limitations according to the funds we have. We believe that we will be able to increase the traction of service users with investors who fund us


> Tauke Indonesia Provide direct access for farmers to be able to sell their harvests at the best prices through the services of middlemen who have partnered with Tauke Indonesia.


Our Middlemen partners who join tauke Indonesia have very large market access, our partners are traders who in addition to having local and international market information. The digital market ecosystem service that we created is a new ecosystem service in Indonesia that uses intermediary services (middlemen).Our farmer partners as suppliers offer harvest projects to tauke.id. Middlemen partners help sell their crops by taking the harvest projects we offer. Middlemen partners can also offer harvest projects to tauke.id.

So far Tauke has done some project like
*Crystal Guava Harvest*
We help harvest crystal guava in Jember, East Java
*Crystal Guava Harvest*
We help harvest crystal guava in Kebumen, Central Java
*Used Cooking Oil (UCO)*
We help UMKM whose produce UCO in Palangkaraya, Central Kalimantan
*Salak Fruit Harvest*
We help harvest Salak in Sleman, Yogyakarta
*Salak Fruit Harvest*
We help harvest Salak in Banjarnegara, Central Java
*Avocado Harvest*
We help harvest Avocado in Lampung


Tauke Indonesia is already present in 3 cities, Palangkaraya, Central Java and East Java. This small step will continue to grow in accordance with our dream to bring all the dreams of Indonesian farmers Globally. We are currently preparing to launch in several areas in Indonesia such as Medan, Yogyakarta, West Java, Riau and Jakarta

Come And Join Tauke Indonesia